When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    Usually when working with a team you have to keep them up to date with changes you make. Also when you find yourself working in multiple machine having a remote repo can make it easier to make changes anywhere you go.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Just like commits you want to make have control of what you are pulling. Your interest might be on an specific branch (master) and not other branches your  teammates are working on.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

A clone makes a copy of a github hosted repository onto your local machine but it’s remote still points to the original source, and if you would like to push the changes into a separate repository you would have to create a new Github repository and push it there. A fork copies a github repository into another Github repository, and are completely independent now you just have to pull it into your local directory and start working. Branches are subsets(Spinoffs) of a the contents of the repository, they are pointers to commits.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

the benefit is that you can download the last known state of the remote master branch and compare to your master local master branch and clear conflicts before merging. it allows you to pull the most recent state before going offline without messing your local repo.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    I would use a dropbox or a google drive to make a common folder. Then save files with timestamps and the name of the person who modified it. If Possible use a google doc to work on a document at the same time.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
